
1 ) What is Interface in Java ?
     An Interface in Java is  blueprint of a class .It has static Constants and abstract methods.
     It is used to achieve abstraction and multiple inheritance in java.
     Syntax :
     Interface < Interface name>
     {
     
     }
  
2) Can we achieve multilpe inheritance by using interface?
    yes , we can achieve multiple inheritance through the interface in java but it is not possible through class because java doesn't support 
    multiple inheritance through class.
    
 3) Can we create an object of interface ?
     No ,We can not create an object of Interface.
     
 4) Can We declare interface as Final ?
    No ,We can not declare the interface as final because of implementation of Interface is provided by another class.
    If we make interface as final it will throw compile time error .
    
5 ) Which keywords java compiler add before interface fields and methods ?
     In Interface ,Java Compiler adds public ,static and final Keywords before field or data members .
     In Interface , All methods are public and abstract.
   
 6) Can an Interface extend another interface ?
     Yes ,an interface can extend another Interface .
     
 7) Can an interface extend a class ?
     No,A class can implement an Interface but interface can not extend the class.
    
  8) Can we Put Static method in Interface ?
     No ,We can not put static methods in interfaces because all the method are By defalut Public and abstract .
     
  9) Can we declare the interface with abstract Keywords?
     yes , we can declare abstract keyword with interfaces but there is no need to write abstract keyword with interfaces because
     all interfaces are abstract by default .
   
  10) Can we declare a constructor in the interface ?
      No, We can not do .Whenever a constructor is called object is created .
      We can not create object of Interface .
      
  11) Can We Change the value of a field in interface after inititalization ?
      No, Because all the fields of the interface are by default final .
      
  12 ) Difference between abstract class and Interface ?
       Abstract Class : Abstract Class can have abstract method and Non abstract method.
                      : Abstract class doesn't support multilpe inheritance.
                      : Abstract Class can have final ,Non-final ,static and Non static variables.
                      : Abstract class can provide implemenation of interface .
                      : Abstract class can extends another java class and Can implement mulitple java Interfaces.
                      
       Interface      : Interface can have only abstract method .
                      : Interface supports multiple inheritance.
                      : Interace has only static and final variable and abstract method .
                      : An Interface can Extend another Interface .
                      
  
  
  
     
    
    
   






















     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
