
1) What is String in java ? why it's immutable in java ?
   String  it's not a keyword .It is a final class in java.lang package which is used to represent set of characters in java.
   Immutable string increases security ,as they can not be modified once they are created.So ,we can use them to store sensitive data.
   
2) In How many ways we can create string object in Java ?
   We can create string object in two ways.
   a) Using Literals
        String  s="abc";
   b) Using New operator 
       String s= new String("abc");
       
3) what is difference between  object creation using literals and new operator ?
    Literals     :when we create String object using literals ,JVM first checks the object in string constant pool with same content
                  and is it's there in constant pool then returns the refernce of that object and if it is not there then creates new object.
                   
    new operator :When we create String object using new() operator, it always create a new object in heap memory.
    String Constant pool : It is memory space in heap memory specially alloacted to store string created using Literal.
    
 4) What is string ,String Buffer and String Builder ?
    String        : It is final class in java .
                  : It's immutable in nature  .
           
    String Buffer : It is a final class in java.
                  : It is mutable in nature.
                  : It is thread safe.
    String Builder: It is a final class in java.
                  : It is mutable in nature.
                  : It is not  thread safe.
    
     out of all three string buffer is best as it mutable in nature and also thread safe.
     
 5)  what do you mean by immutable and mutable in nature ?
     Immutable ( String) : Immutable object means they are constant, we can't modify them once they are created.If we try to modify them 
                           a new string object will be created with modified content and will cause memory issues and performance issue 
                           because of lots of string modifications.
                           
      Mutable(String Buffer,string Builder) :Mutable means we can perform modification( Comparison /Concatenation ) on them.
     
 6)  what is difference between equals and "==" method ?
      Main difference between .equals() method and == operator is that one is method and other is operator.
      "==" operator : It is used for address comparison( Reference Comparison)
      equals        : equals() method for content comparison.
        String s1 = new String("HELLO"); 
        String s2 = new String("HELLO"); 
        System.out.println(s1 == s2);  // False ( address will be different)
        System.out.println(s1.equals(s2)); // True ( Content Comparison)
        
 7)  How to convert string to integer ?
      we can convert string to Integer using parseInt() method.
      String s="2015";
      int i =Integer.parseInt(s);
      System.out.println(i);
      
  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
           
           
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     
